Posts to the SEM by incrementing its value and releasing a waiting thread if present.
Wait for SEM being posted. This function is a cancellation point and therefore not marked with __THROW.
Adds the specified signal to the signal set.
Initializes the specified signal set to an empty state, clearing all previously stored signals.
Initializes the signal set to include all signals.
Sets or retrieves the signal handling action for a specified signal using new and old sigaction structures, returning 0 on success or -1 on error.
Print a message describing the meaning of the value of errno. This function is a possible cancellation point
Return the value of envariable NAME, or NULL if it doesn't exist.
Convert a string to an integer.
Get resolution of clock CLOCK_ID.
Get current value of clock CLOCK_ID and store it in TP.
Same as pipe but apply flags passed in FLAGS to the new file descriptors.
Invoke `system call' number SYSNO, passing it the remaining arguments. This is completely system-dependent, and not often useful. In Unix, `syscall' sets `errno' for all errors and most calls return -1 for errors; in many systems you cannot pass arguments or get return values for all system calls (`pipe', `fork', and `getppid' typically among them). In Mach, all system calls take normal arguments and always return an error code (zero for success).
Read NBYTES into BUF from FD.  Return the number read, -1 for errors or 0 for EOF. This function is a cancellation point and therefore not marked with __THROW.
Removes a file or symbolic link specified by the given path.
Write N bytes of BUF to FD.  Return the number written, or -1. This function is a cancellation point and therefore not marked with __THROW.
Modify the signal mask for the calling thread.  The arguments have the same meaning as for sigprocmask(2).
Manipulate an epoll instance "epfd". Returns 0 in case of success, -1 in case of error ( the "errno" variable will contain the specific error code ) The "op" parameter is one of the EPOLL_CTL_* constants defined above. The "fd" parameter is the target of the operation. The "event" parameter describes which events the caller is interested in and any associated user data.
Same as epoll_wait, but the thread's signal mask is temporarily and atomically replaced with the one provided as parameter. This function is a cancellation point and therefore not marked with __THROW.
Same as epoll_create but with an FLAGS parameter.  The unused SIZE parameter has been dropped.
Return file descriptor for generic event channel.  Set initial value to COUNT.
Remove the watch specified by WD from the inotify instance FD.
Deallocate any mapping for the region starting at ADDR and extending LEN bytes.  Returns 0 if successful, -1 for errors (and sets errno).
Put the local address of FD into *ADDR and its length in *LEN.
Give the socket FD the local address ADDR (which is LEN bytes long).
Shut down all or part of the connection open on socket FD. HOW determines what to shut down:   SHUT_RD   = No more receptions;   SHUT_WR   = No more transmissions;   SHUT_RDWR = No more receptions or transmissions. Returns 0 on success, -1 for errors.
Set socket FD's option OPTNAME at protocol level LEVEL to *OPTVAL (which is OPTLEN bytes long). Returns 0 on success, -1 for errors.
Prepare to accept connections on socket FD. N connection requests will be queued before further requests are refused. Returns 0 on success, -1 for errors.
Create a new socket of type TYPE in domain DOMAIN, using protocol PROTOCOL.  If PROTOCOL is zero, one is chosen automatically. Returns a file descriptor for the new socket, or -1 for errors.
Put information about the system in NAME.
Wipe the packet.  Unreference the buffer referenced by the packet and reset the  remaining packet fields to their default values.  @param pkt The packet to be unreferenced.
Free the packet, if the packet is reference counted, it will be  unreferenced first.  @param pkt packet to be freed. The pointer will be set to NULL.  @note passing NULL is a no-op.
Convenience function to free all the side data stored.  All the other fields stay untouched.  @param pkt packet
Allocate an AVPacket and set its fields to default values.  The resulting  struct must be freed using av_packet_free().  @return An AVPacket filled with default values or NULL on failure.  @note this only allocates the AVPacket itself, not the data buffers. Those  must be allocated through other means such as av_new_packet.  @see av_new_packet
On success, unit->content and unit->content_ref are updated with  the new content; unit is untouched on failure.  Any old content_ref is simply overwritten and not freed.
Reads 'n' bits from the bitstream context and returns the unsigned integer value, ensuring the result is within the valid range for the specified bit count.