Get a proper title with courseid+topicID+partID.
Download a WHOLE course. Reuse the API call to save time.
Download ONE PART of the course.
Get the height of the videos.
Checks if a task is either queued or running in this executor
Returns and flush the event buffer.
Fetch connection params as a dict used in get_uri() and get_connection()
override DbApiHook get_uri method for get_sqlalchemy_engine()
Returns a snowflake.connection object
returns aws_access_key_id, aws_secret_access_key from extra intended to be used by external import and export statements
Fetches a field from extras, and returns it.
Executes SQL using psycopg2 copy_expert method.
Loads a tab-delimited file into a database table
Dumps a database table into a tab-delimited file
Uploads the file to Google cloud storage
Gets the max partition for a table.
This function finds the date in a list closest to the target date.
This function finds the date in a list closest to the target date.
Returns a mysql connection object
Loads a tab-delimited file into a database table
Checks whether new objects have been uploaded and the inactivity_period has passed and updates the state of the sensor accordingly.
current_num_objects
Helps debug deadlocks by printing stacktraces when this gets a SIGQUIT
Creates a dag run for the specified dag
Deletes all DB records related to the specified dag
Returns the unmet dependencies for a task instance from the perspective of the scheduler
Returns the state of a TaskInstance at the command line.
Returns the state of a DagRun at the command line.
Returns the next execution datetime of a DAG at the command line.
Runs forever, monitoring the child processes of  gunicorn_master_proc and restarting workers occasionally.
Retrieves connection to Cloud Translate
Translate a string or list of strings.
Execute the bash command in a temporary directory which will be cleaned afterwards
Retrieves a resource containing information about a Cloud SQL instance.
Creates a new Cloud SQL instance.
Updates settings of a Cloud SQL instance.
Deletes a Cloud SQL instance.
Retrieves a database resource from a Cloud SQL instance.
Creates a new database inside a Cloud SQL instance.
Updates a database resource inside a Cloud SQL instance.
Deletes a database from a Cloud SQL instance.
Exports data from a Cloud SQL instance to a Cloud Storage bucket as a SQL dump or CSV file.
Waits for the named operation to complete - checks status of the asynchronous call.
Starts Cloud SQL Proxy.  You have to remember to stop the proxy if you started it!
Stops running proxy.  You should stop the proxy after you stop using it.
Returns version of the Cloud SQL Proxy.
Create connection in the Connection table, according to whether it uses proxy, TCP, UNIX sockets, SSL. Connection ID will be randomly generated.
Retrieves the dynamically created connection from the Connection table.
Delete the dynamically created connection from the Connection table.
Retrieve Cloud SQL Proxy runner. It is used to manage the proxy lifecycle per task.
Retrieve database hook. This is the actual Postgres or MySQL database hook that uses proxy or connects directly to the Google Cloud SQL database.
Clean up database hook after it was used.
Reserve free TCP port to be used by Cloud SQL Proxy
Replaces invalid MLEngine job_id characters with '_'. This also adds a leading 'z' in case job_id starts with an invalid  character.
Extract error code from ftp exception
Integrate plugins to the context
Remove any existing DAG runs for the perf test DAGs.
Remove any existing task instances for the perf test DAGs.
Toggle the pause state of the DAGs in the test.
Print operational metrics for the scheduler test.
Override the scheduler heartbeat to determine when the test is complete
Invoke Lambda Function
Return the task object identified by the given dag_id and task_id.
Creates Operators needed for model evaluation and returns.
Creates the directory specified by path, creating intermediate directories  as necessary.
A small helper function to convert a string to a numeric value if appropriate
Get the current date and time in UTC
Gets the epoch in the users timezone
Returns the datetime with the default timezone added if timezone information was not associated
Make a naive datetime.datetime in a given time zone aware.
Make an aware datetime.datetime naive in a given time zone.
Wrapper around datetime.datetime that adds settings.TIMEZONE if tzinfo not specified
Sets the environment variable `GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS` with either:  - The path to the keyfile from the specified connection id - A generated file's path if the user specified JSON in the connection id.
Fetches a field from extras, and returns it.
Establish a connection to druid broker.
Returns http session for use with requests